So welcome to this next section which is about computing the TTC with a mono camera.
You now know that by taking two successive distance measurements,
you can compute the TTC fairly easily.
Now, the big problem with the camera is that it is
really hard to measure metric distances with it.
What you get from a camera is a 2D image and you can't really tell
how large or far-away objects are without making some various simplifying assumptions.
You could for example, say that all vehicles would have a width of say
1.7 meters or that the road surface was always flat and level,
and as you can easily imagine,
those assumptions are almost never true in real life and therefore,
will result in errors.
Now, the good news is that we can measure TTC without measuring distance.
As you will see in this section,
we can use the pinhole camera model which you already know and
some laws of projection to relate metric distances in the world,
to relative distances on the image plane.
Also, you will learn about bounding boxes which are
based on deep learning and which can be used to refine our estimation.
At the end of this section, I will show you a piece of code that is able to provide
a TTC measurements based on a set of corresponding points in successive camera images,
and we will see that the result does not defer that much from lighter-based measurements.
So let's take a look.